[TW-471] Update logging in to an SSO team (#4042)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/administration/sso/user-sso.md

> You must finish signing in within five minutes once you initiate the process from Postman. If you go beyond this time, you must return to Postman and restart the sign in process.

Sign into Postman by selecting **Sign in with SSO**.

<img src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/sign-in-v9.16.jpg" alt="Sign in" width="350px"/>

Enter your team domain and **Continue**.

> > Check **Stay signed in for 30 days** if you would like to remain signed in after your current session for 30 days before re-authenticating. If you don't want to remain signed in on the computer you are working on, deselect this option. Note that you will be prompted to sign in again after 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Select **Stay signed in for 30 days** if you want to remain signed in after your current session for 30 days before re-authenticating. If you don't want to remain signed in on the computer you are working on, clear this checkbox. Note that you will be prompted to sign in again after 30 minutes.
```

Reviewer: Per Microsoft, use select and clear with checkboxes 🙂
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/check-checkbox-check-mark
